well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about what scooby-doo can teach us about
the administration's investigations into
Joe Biden and his son so to start this
off
apparently Biden's aides have asked
major news networks not to platform Rudy
Giuliani anymore okay and I mean I
understand that on one level there
Giuliani is kind of dragging their
candidate through the mud I get that but
we're gonna use Scooby Doo logic think
about scooby Doo is if you play along
with the plot long enough eventually the
mask comes off so tonight rather than
doing what the Biden campaign has been
trying to do and saying none of this is
true we're denying it this is this is
false allegations yeah we're gonna go
the other way with it we're in the world
of alternative facts now we're gonna say
it's all true okay now for the record
I've looked into 100 Biden's activities
a little bit in Ukraine I have found
some things that I personally think are
probably kind of unethical couldn't find
anything that was illegal though okay
but we're gonna say that he broke the
law or we say he did something illegal
there's evidence of it don't know what
that law is but we're just gonna say
that it happened okay and then in order
to protect him from this unknown statute
and on the law breaking Vice President
Biden put pressure on the Ukrainian
government to get rid of a prosecutor to
protect his son and that's the reason he
did it he didn't do it because we're
like most Western powers at that time
the u.s. wanted this prosecutor gone not
because the other you know a bunch of
you Member States wanted him gone
the IMF wanted him gone not necessarily
good institutions but other Western
institutions
wanted him gone he didn't do it for that
reason he did it to protect his son and
because of this the current
administration set up this weird
back-channel investigation in Ukraine to
investigate an American company it
doesn't matter how many times they say a
CrowdStrike is not Ukrainian it's based
in California well the the founder and
owner he's Ukrainian no he's not he's an
American citizen well he's an American
citizen of Russian descent not Ukrainian
but whatever we are in the world of
alternative facts so we're gonna change
his nationality this guy is Ukrainian
he's a wealthy Ukrainian Biden did this
to protect his son because hunter Biden
broke some on the wall okay just it's
all true we don't have evidence to say
it's true but it's true accept it move
on so they set up this back-channel
investigation undermining US
intelligence because contrary to what
has been said US intelligence did
actually look at the evidence and
concurred with CrowdStrike forget that -
they're setting up this investigation
then what they're gonna look into this
giant scheme by having the Ukrainians
investigate an American company okay so
what happens next in the plot line what
happens next the US courts are going to
take evidence obtained by Ukraine a
country that has corruption issues
especially within its Justice Department
and they're gonna let that be admissible
that seems unlikely but whatever there's
some agreement okay there's some
agreement that says yeah sure that's
gonna happen but what does it prove and
what does it do where does it go from
there see the only logical conclusion
here is that it wasn't a criminal
investigation that it wasn't actually
about Joe Biden or getting Joe Biden in
trouble
Radia quote this is not about getting
Joe Biden in trouble this is about
proving that Donald Trump was framed by
the Democrats
that's Rudy Giuliani that's really
Giuliani it was political
just like with scooby-doo if you play
along with the plot long enough the
crazy old white guy is going to take off
his mask and tell you what he was doing
and it happened it happened the other
thing to keep in mind is that even if
all of this was true it does not excuse
the alleged wrongdoing of the
administration the current
administration even if all of this is
true it doesn't now to the Biden
campaign I understand that to you your
candidates election is the most
important thing it's not to the country
to the country the most important thing
is finding out what actually happened is
is safeguarding the election process
that's the most important thing and in
furtherance of that allowing Rudy
Giuliani to continue to get on TV and
talk is really important because every
time he does he he reveals more he
reveals more I know it's hard for
politicians to do but have a little
faith in the American people
trust them to wade through the evidence
it's not hard it's not complicated not
really trust they'll do it but even if
your candidacy suffers and you don't get
the nomination because of this so be it
so be it
your candidacy isn't as important as
maintaining the integrity of the
election process as a whole anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night